Updating the home page with all cards about to be published (#56)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

[.card-title]
xref:getting-started/create-your-first-workflow-service.adoc[Create your first workflow service]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to create your firt workflow project from the ground up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to create your first Serverless Workflow project 
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:getting-started/cncf-serverless-workflow-specification-support.adoc[CNCF Serverless Workflow specification]
[.card-description]

> Learn the details about the CNCF Serverless Workflow Specification implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn about the CNCF Serverless Workflow Specification implementation
```

[.card-title]
xref:core/custom-functions-support.adoc[Custom functions for your Serverless Workflow service]
[.card-description]

> Learn more about the custom functions supported by Kogito Serverless Workflow beyond the specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn about the custom functions supported by Serverless Workflow
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:core/understanding-jq-expressions.adoc[Understanding JQ expressions]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to create jq expressions to manipulate data within a workflow execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to create jq expressions to manipulate data within a Serverless Workflow execution
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:core/understanding-workflow-error-handling.adoc[Error handling in Serverless Workflow]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to handle errors in your workflow application 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to handle errors in your Serverless Workflow application 
```

[.card-title]
xref:tooling/serverless-workflow-editor/swf-editor-overview.adoc[Serverless Workflow editor]
[.card-description]
Learn how to install and use the Serverless Workflow editor
--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:tooling/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/quarkus-dev-ui-overview.adoc[Kogito Serverless Workflow Tools extension in Quarkus Dev UI]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to use the Kogito Serverless Workflow extension in Quarkus Dev UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use the Serverless Workflow extension in Quarkus Dev UI
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:tooling/kn-plugin-workflow-overview.adoc[Workflow plugin for Knative CLI]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to install the workflow plugin for Knative CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to install the Serverless Workflow plugin for Knative CLI
```

[.card-title]
xref:service-orchestration/orchestration-of-openapi-based-services.adoc[Orchestrating the OpenAPI services]
[.card-description]

> Learn more about orchestrating REST services using OpenAPI specification descriptors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to orchestrate REST services using OpenAPI specification descriptors
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:service-orchestration/orchestration-of-grpc-services.adoc[Orchestration of gRPC based services]
[.card-description]

> Learn more about orchestrating gRPC services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn about orchestrating gRPC services
```

--

[.card-section]
== Eventing

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:eventing/working-with-callbacks.adoc[Working with Callbacks]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to use the Callback state in your workflow application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use the Callback state in your Serverless Workflow application
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:eventing/consume-producing-events-with-kafka.adoc[Consuming and producing events with Kafka]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to configure your workflow application to produce and consume events with Kafka

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to configure your Serverless Workflow application to produce and consume events using Kafka
```

[.card-title]
xref:security/authention-support-for-openapi-services.adoc[Authentication for OpenAPI services in Serverless Workflow]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to use authentication methods when calling REST services via OpenAPI specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use authentication methods when calling REST services using OpenAPI specification
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]

> xref:security/orchestrating-third-party-services-with-oauth2.adoc[Orchestrating third party services with OAuth2 authentication]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
xref:security/orchestrating-third-party-services-with-oauth2.adoc[Orchestration of third-party services using OAuth 2.0 authentication]
```

[.card-description]

> Learn more about the OAuth2 method support when orchestrating REST services with your workflow applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn about the OAuth2 method support when orchestrating REST services using your Serverless Workflow application
```

[.card-title]
xref:testing-and-troubleshooting/basic-integration-tests-with-restassured.adoc[Testing your Serverless Workflow application using REST Assured]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to add unit tests in your workflow application using RestAssured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to add unit tests in your Serverless Workflow application using RestAssured
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:testing-and-troubleshooting/integration-tests-with-postgresql.adoc[Integration Test with PostgreSQL]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to do integration tests on workflow applications that use PostgreSQL as persistence storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to integrate tests on Serverless Workflow applications that use PostgreSQL as a persistence storage
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:testing-and-troubleshooting/mocking-opnapi-services-with-wiremock.adoc[Mocking OpenAPI services with WireMock]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to mock external REST requests when testing your workflow applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to mock external REST requests when testing your Serverless Workflow applications
```

--

> 

Reviewer 3: @ricardozanini  I miss this guide linking: xref:testing-and-troubleshooting/mocking-http-cloudevents-with-wiremock.adoc[Mocking HTTP CloudEvents Sink with Wiremock] even the related PR is mentioned as included by this one. Should I add it in the guide PR or will be added by this one?

Author: I thought that you already included it in your PR, that's why I haven't added it here.

Reviewer 3: @ricardozanini I just want to sync my PR with this one, Thanks!

[.card-title]
xref:cloud/build-workflow-image-with-quarkus-cli.adoc[Building Serverless Workflow Images using Quarkus CLI]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to build images for your workflow applications using Quarkus CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to build images for your Serverless Workflow applications using Quarkus CLI
```

--

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:cloud/deploying-on-minikube.adoc[Deploying your Serverless Workflow application on Minikube]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to deploy your workflow application on Minikube for local tests and development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to deploy your Serverless Workflow application on Minikube for local tests and development
```

--

[.card-section]
== Use Cases

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:use-cases/orchestration-based-saga-pattern.adoc[Orchestration-based SAGA pattern]
[.card-description]

> Learn how and when to use the SAGA pattern in your workflow projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how and when to use the SAGA pattern in your Serverless Workflow projects
```

--

[.card-section]
== Integrations

[.card]
--
[.card-title]
xref:integrations/serverless-dashboard-with-runtime-data.adoc[Displaying workflow runtime data in Serverless Dashboards]
[.card-description]

> Learn how to use dashboards to display the runtime data of your workflow applications

Reviewer 4: maybe add the "Found a issue" here?

> Learn how to use dashboards to display the runtime data of your workflow applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use dashboards to display the runtime data of your Serverless Workflow application
```
